[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to another
video are you doing really really good
today's video is going to be getting
ready for Christmas and doing my last
bit of shopping and also getting my
nails and toe nails done and I've just
been and had those and I'll show you my
toes at least I'm gonna go into actual
Manchester and get some last bit so far
I went to the gym early this morning so
that's doing get some laughs or presents
and also some last bits because I'm
going away and going to the Alps so it's
gonna be so cold I need to get some
extra like thermals I just thought it'd
be a nice little day and I just bring
you guys along with totally crazy hair
going on right now so I just had a
package arrived and I'm about to start
packing my pussy's little thing or
became God on a sensor so I've just got
one more delivery that I'm - which is in
the next like hour and a half so praying
that comes because that's got so much
for my ski stuff it love it
exercise food now I'm just going I need
to go to the post office and also to the
tip super boring but you know these
things just need doing I've put a new
lip combo on and I'm actually quite
liking it so that shoot just like a
liner and a gloss end we've got to drive
to do it and drop Penelope Bob I'm going
to take her or not a walk before we go
and tire out a bit if I can and I went
to the gym this morning and had such a
good workout that would be like my final
one before we go away tomorrow I keep
remembering that little stuff that I've
got to do but I'm just so excited to
have like a break over Christmas and
just chill out so I don't know if any
asked as this but won't unpack
I just like to write down intersection
coach before I put anything to my case
so that I can sort have a think about
outfits and whatnot this is a delivery
that just came this is like a jumper
looks like gorgeous little printing and
also a fedora hat I'm obsessed with
these at the moment
I just don't know how I'm gonna fit like
Christmas presents in I think we're have
to take a little mini suitcase - this is
part of a rail that somehow need to fit
into my suitcase like how am I gonna do
that I do not know so that's the post
office and the tip done I feel like
they're gonna start wrecking recognizing
the other tip with his we just seem to
be getting so much cardboard these days
like from deliveries and I can't wait
for the day when like companies start
cutting down and all their wake
you know like their packaging or like I
find a new material that I'm actually
really hungry now and it's only 24/7 and
desperate for coffee so when I go home
it's a quick coffee and then take fill
Penelope out I've been loving her walks
this week like start pulling on the lead
on her first walk she that she was like
wouldn't walk so he'd invite a clump but
I literally seem to live oh my god it's
like christmas has officially comment i
completely forgot that I'd ordered these
guys you all so this is what we've got
I'm absolutely loving there this is like
a black ski jacket with a black hood
then I also got some just black ski
pants I've got like a nice sort of
lining detailing down the middle I got
the matching below to the jacket and
then this is like an under layer which I
thought was really cool and also I've
got this like black sort of them cream
base though which comes in this nice
packaging that's got the leggings - and
then over here are these gorgeous start
CDs I didn't have any of these last time
I went so really glad I managed to pick
these up but cervix
collected mason and he's dropped his new
car off to be wrapped so when we get
back that would be quite cool to see and
if you watch my video editing at
Christmas foods for 24 hour you'll see
and I have gone back i've got lazy to go
in and get as the same sandwich which
was like a Christmas turkey wrap with
all the toppings cranberry sauce
stuffing Christmas was so good so old
what to do now is finish packing way our
cases I think we've got 20 kg which is
actually quite a lot for a week and
start packing and then we are going to
set off to drop Piniella 4
and that's helmet texture is your he
looks like a horse riding it like your
car turn it back - for sure
good morning welcome back to another
video just in the airport you're all
checked in were dressed in the lounge
you got through security everything is
so quick I thought so here at Leeds
Bradford and we'll fly into Grenoble and
then we've got about two and a half hour
transfer so it's been cleared my dad and
Mason are here we had such an 11 my
suitcase was so overweight 10 kg over
waiting so we had to sort that and like
I've got a backpack a mini suitcase the
whole shebang
[Music]
it's true
so its first day when in the apse this
snow blizzards yeah first we skiing in
not half an hour so okay no yeah I
should do all these little guys are in
full force she won't be right gesture it
was no nearly snow built all the room
yeah I've showed the room but look at
expiry open the curtain this morning
were like oh my god beyond excited we
exciting and we got in a workout in last
night just I did a bit of hit the energy
yeah the gyms like the size of the
bathroom but and we may do the new and
did a good job doing this 200 a gym
challenge it yeah
it's gym everyday holidays they're very
good people well
here are my this is like my thermal
outfit that I've just got a white as if
at the top on took 10 or some socks and
some death to be legen got much space to
store Esther I just love these like feel
and windows just been taking some
pictures outside now we're just about
ready to go we're just trying to find
out if the ski trunks we can't actually
see anything around the window and I
never happen it's gonna snow today but
here is a little outfit okay I've got a
black jacket on some white and black set
of pets I've had million layers Doris
you going and how many those we got here
sir a grunt for a standard support our
ribs special never come over they say
Eureka
underneath got a rugby warfare shout
throw the wolf in underneath we've got a
you know standard under arm up maybe
what I need a stir in holes
powerful trim but see anyone I'm hot see
the lift move in just yet done that the
longest job which is putting these bad
boys on yes they're my feet would right
at the end of them I always see I think
we just gotta fight and super silently
it is so snow so I'm not gonna have my
camera out that long but we're all ready
to go we're just going down
yeah
[Music]
shower
[Applause]
we have just walked up the big hill you
could ever imagine
16 Hawkman my dad where that's half
alive good morning it's Christmas Eve
and just working up that to go down for
breakfast I've got some crazy outside
going on because I washed last night and
sorted out yet and when I'm not a few
different slowly yesterday so that was
good and B I'll just take you long
throughout the day
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
yes I did